so yesterday we touched very briefly on
lulu and his vision for music which is
his way of the game and how this could
stop her raka's escape plan but we've
only touched base on lulu's role this
week so we're gonna dive deeper into his
character look at his relationships
especially with kanan his vision and a
game-changing moment for his character
so we're gonna look at his part of the
episode eight synopsis along with his
story arc so this is a spoiler warning
for those who actually don't want to
know anything to do with episode 8 and
the synopsis this is your chance to turn
off now but for those of you who do then
stick around till the end of this video
and you'll understand why lulu will want
out of the game even more so after
episode 8 but for those of you are new
to the channel you haven't done so
already then remember to smash the
subscribe button if you don't see
everything power book three empower
universe related now breaking down the
synopsis is something i do on a saturday
but considering this is dope to be the
biggest episode of the season along with
episode 10 we're gonna start one day
early we're gonna look at this part of
the synopsis which is lulu's part and
we're gonna tie this in with a story arc
from the last episode so we're able to
paint the whole picture of why it's
gonna be a game changing moment for
lulu's character so for his part of the
synopsis it reads lulu finds himself
caught in a crossfire and i'm gonna
break down the rest of the synopsis
tomorrow as usual in my previous
predictions video but lulu's gonna be
caught in a crossfire and he was warned
by unique in episode seven that he was
sorry for what was gonna happen next
because unique was gonna take down
raquel and anyone who was standing
beside her and unique is definitely
winning this war at this moment he's the
one with upper hand and he sensed that
he had the upper hand hence why we saw
him approach lulu to try and turn him he
made him an offer to try and join his
organization giving him the opportunity
to continue his music as a side hustle
but we knew lou would never accept but
unique started to plant the seed in
episode 6 where he told luda he was a
lot more reasonable than rak and last
week he approached lu telling him that
his organization could do with someone
like him because his skill sets would be
useful in unique's organization but lulu
would have been crazy to trust unique if
unique was capable of doing this to his
own best friend we grew up with tres g
just imagine what he would do to lulu if
he ever wanted out the game because we
as the audience know that lulu's end
game is to come out of the game and go
into music and on top of all of this
we've seen what unique's crew did to
scrappy ripping out one of his eye
sockets and leaving him with one kidney
but of course you can never say never in
the world of power because we've seen
people turn before but i don't think
we'll ever see lou turning over to
unique side but coming back to this
conversation unique was very smart with
how he approached this he may have just
wanted to find out the position of the
thomas organization and whether or not
they were gonna back down which racket
would never do she's not someone who'd
ever bowed down to anyone especially not
unique we heard rack in episode one and
how she said that she doesn't kneel to
nobody because once you're on your knees
it's damn near impossible to get back up
on your feet but unique had lulu's
message loud and clear about what he
thought of his proposal and this is why
we're going to see unico on the offense
in episode 8. he's going to hit racquel
in the thomas organization at a time
where they're weak yesterday i spoke
about how racquel had issues across the
board she still doesn't have a connect
she has howard who's pushing up on kanan
issues with the two brothers and issues
with kanan himself kenyan calls a lot of
bodies to drop with his bad crack nicole
being one of them marvin's hustling on
the highway behind racquet's back
because she's keeping him out of the
game and lulu's mind isn't even in the
game and this is going to cost him this
is where we're going to see lulu being
caught in the crossfire when unique hits
raqqa's house or wherever they hit the
thomas organization and who seems like
he's going to be the one at the end of a
hot one from unique or someone from
unique's crew and this is going to be
the game-changing moment for lou because
the other day i did mention it's going
to take another d whis type of moment to
really send him on his way out of the
game and this could well be the game
changing moment where he thinks enough
is enough i want out of the game just
like in power book 2 goldstar we saw
drew being shot towards the end of the
first season and how that's going to
change him i think he's going to be
someone that's going to turn into a
demon in the second season and someone
is going to be a lot more savage but
with ludo i do feel it's going to have
the opposite effect he'd completely want
out of the game because he's made it
clear before he doesn't want to end up
dead or in jail he wants to build his
music business and live a normal life
and i do think we'll see lulu trying to
live this normal life in season two in
season three of how we saw ghost
becoming a legit businessman for a short
period of time until the game pulled him
back in and this is something i'm sure
is going to happen to lulu we've already
seen a glimpse of ziz's character
description for season 2 where it seems
that luna is going to be involved in
trans record label a lot more in season
2 and no doubt what happens in the next
episode is going to be a huge turning
point for his character but we're going
to see lulu struggle with who he is and
the person that he wants to become
because they are two completely
different people and malcolm mays who
plays lulu actually gave an interview
where he said that we know lulu deeply
cares about rak and jukebox and his
family he has a code for what he does
when you see him you're gonna have
empathy for him 50 cent is really great
about emphasizing that nobody liked his
character kanan until they realized he
cared for tariq and that's very
insightful so i do think we're going to
see lulu struggle and have this concept
battle with himself of who he is and who
he wants to become because he does care
about his family he cares about duke
he's raquel's right hand man for a
reason and although he fights with
marvin i'm sure he cares about him too
so as luis starts to struggle with who
he is and who he wants to become i do
think eventually he will be pulled back
into the game because that's just what
happens once you're in the game it's
damn near impossible to leave especially
because you have loved ones and family
involved just like how he mentioned in
this interview but one thing we haven't
seen yet from lulu's side is him
mentoring kanan apart from one very
small scene in the first episode we've
not seen anything of them together we've
not seen them having a single
conversation and we've not really seen
the relationship that the two have over
the course of the first season so far
we've seen kenan really build a
relationship and bond with marvin but
nothing with lou and 711 expanded on the
point i made in my last video about the
relationship between kanan and lulu
which he summed up perfectly right now
kainen is naive and clumsy he's someone
who makes mistakes and doesn't process
things correctly or quickly enough and
this is a representation of marvin who
we've seen in bond with throughout this
season with lou being the opposite
efficient doing the job right no games
and straight up savage and once kenan's
character transitions into this mall
similar to lulu's we're gonna see him
taking him under his wing and mentoring
him a lot more and this is a perfect way
of summing up why we've not seen ken and
lulu's relationship growing this season
i'm sure it's something that we'll see
because over the course of raising
canaan we'll see kanan taking fastest
from his whole family we'll see him
taking parts of raquel marvin and lulu
this season he seems to be in the mould
of marvin but he will transition season
by season and when we see him transition
maybe next season this is when we could
see him adopt lulu's ability to get
done and get done right and there's
of course the death of d whiz which they
could revisit at some point it's a
conversation we could see between cain
and lulu and let's not forget jukebox
knows what happened she referred to some
secrets that kanan doesn't want to know
about their family and this is
definitely one of them what the other
secrets are who knows she could even
know about detective howard being his
father and probably even more secrets
that we as the audience don't even know
yet but with cain and lou i do wonder
whether we'll see them ever talking
about what happened with d whiz and when
we do eventually see them together and
building this bond in relationship this
is something i do think we'll see in
season two onwards between the two
characters and i do feel we'll see this
relationship built between the two i
mean kanan obviously got his dress sent
from lulu and i'm sure he would have
learned how to get done just like
his uncle as well in powerkin was
straight or brutal he was someone who
got done and got done right he
never missed the only thing he did miss
was him laying his guard down with tariq
which was his eventual downfall and
again just like other scenes that we've
touched on in power there of course will
be many easter eggs and moments that
they will drop when we do see lulu
taking kanan under his wing which would
make us look at a few scenes back in
power and make us realize okay this is
why kanan did this this is why kanan
moved the way he moved in certain scenes
so i'm definitely looking forward to
breaking those scenes down and seeing
what kanan picks up from lou but that's
just a small rundown on a potential game
changing moment for lou's character
based on his part of the synopsis so let
me know what you guys think down below
in the comment section do you think what
happens to lou in episode 8 is going to
push him to wanting out of the game even
more than he already does and what
impact do you think is going to have on
the thomas organization i think this is
something that will spring marvin into
action and him showing us what he can
really do because raka's just been
keeping him out of the game but this is
something i'm going to dive deeper on in
tomorrow's video in my previous
predictions video where i dissect the
full synopsis just before episode 8 so
drop all your thoughts down below in the
comments section and of course if you're
new to the channel and you haven't done
so already then remember to smash the
subscribe button if you want to see
everything power book 3 empower universe
related but as always thank you guys for
watching and i'll see you
next time